{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Dustin F: 
\f1\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Yeah so i was confused as to how to upgrade anything until i had already reached the first 1000 clicks. Also the upgrade should be something that the player feels is worth their time and clicks. The easiest way is to give them a big boost in clicks but increase the upgrade amounts. That way they're still clicking about as ofter but they feel like they're making more or faster progress often. Oh looks like you already did that later on. Ok. So the only other thing would be to make some sort of goal or reason that you are clicking it. So like you are a delivery boy or something and you are stacking donuts or something. Roleplay tends to keep people hooked a little longer. And an added animation when you click makes the click more rewarding.
\f2 \uc0\u55357 \u56838 
\f1  speaking as a video game addict.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I'd also do some added upgrades. If you've ever played clicker hero they have a good click based game. You could also do rewards or trophies for long term appeal.\
\
2. JS. Mmm\'85 Donuts\
\
3. BPM: My finger is very tired now. I\'92ll have to show this to my kids maybe they will keep going where I have stopped\
\
4. Whitney T: So you just click the donut as much as you can? Hand Cramp. What is the point of this game? Maybe if it was more like back a mole, where it just starts popping up. It might be better\
\
5. Sherry T: I like the donut it was very responsive. It would be nice to have some kind of activities to go with it. I tried to reopen the web page after closing out and reopening mobile safari and it wouldn\'92t load.\
\
6. Regan R: I think I already beat your game. ((have attached image))\
\
7. Brett K: When do I win ((have attached image))\
\
8. Jennifer T: Fun game to waste my time. My only problem was logging in. I kept trying to log in with my email and it would just freeze. I couldn\'92t create an account. Also how do people know they are supposed to click the buttons at the bottom?\
\
9. Skyler T: Yes I had no idea what to do or what the purpose was\
\
10. Clark J: Don\'92t know how to get in to play it.\
\
11. Allison J: Bad: seems silly - there is no \'93point\'94 to the game. Good: I like the graphic and the sparkle when you click the doughnut. I didn\'92t encounter any issues. ;)\
if the doughnut moved around, it would be more engaging, I think or you timed clicks. You could also have rewards at so many clicks, like a glass of milk, or extra sprinkles at 1000, 2000 clicks, etc. hmmmm.. I go tot 1000 clicks\'85 but didn\'92t see an upgrade. I\'92ll have to check it out again. I clicked really quick and it kinda froze.\
\
12. Mariann C: Haha thats a really random game. Pretty good graphics though and not glitchy, though after a little the numbers just went up by themselves without me clicking on the donut. Oh a little confusing too cause doesn\'92t say that the buttons do then.\
\
13. Chad D: I just wanted to figure out how to hack it. Fireworks don\'92t work keep on getting console error. Does not work on the PC. This is unfortunate.\
\
14. Evan M: Your game is awesome!

15. Donna C: I hope you are not trying to sell this game. I guess it could give you finger muscles. I didn't like this game.
\
16. Roina T: That is a very cool game. Das was good!
\
17. Nate C: Oohh I love donutes, that game was fun.
\
18. Le X: Nice ha ha!
\
19. Isaac P: The ideas is perfect and everything is great, but he should make it like on an app, so their can be power ups, no lag for phones that suck like mine, and lots of sound effects, detail and explosions. This game should rule them all.
\
20. Abby P: Looks good, I think you should have an option for different types of donuts.
\
21. Jack M: Oooh cookie. than tapped a bunch.
}